Brian Aguirre
CS2150 Lecture
10/01/2014

MIDTERM 2 MATERIAL:

#TREES CONTINUED:
(TREES INTRODUCTION SLIDES)

##Binary Tree:
	Has 2 children. 4 Possibility:
		0 children
		1 left child
		1 right child
		2, 1 left, 1 right

	No one really uses binary trees.*
	Finding an element in a tree is linear run time, in this case you might as well plug it into a Linked List.

	Whether you're using the children or not, every node has a left and right child, unless specificied, they point to NULL.

	CONS:
		There is no sorting/ordering on them.
		You could get really unbalanced trees. (All right children, or all left children - which just looks like a linked list, since no left child are being used.)

	PROS:

##Binary SEARCH Tree: (WE WILL USE THESE)**
	Just like a binary tree, but it has order implemented.
	Given a parent, whose value is x, all the nodes on the left is less than (<) the parent. AND every right subtree has a value that is greater than x (>). This must be true from the root to the leaves of the tree.

	We assume we never have duplicate elements! (In this case.)

	Insert Method:
		All new inserts on a BST get inserted as a leaf.
		We don't allow duplicate nodes.
		Passed by reference: ***
			So that the formal definition of the parameter changes also the actual value. The actual parameter is the node, 

	Remove: 
		Could change the structure of the tree.
		Possible:
			Node has no children:
				The children are NULL, we just remove the node (reclaiming the memory), adjusting the parent's pointer to null for that child position.
			1 child: 
				You make the grand parent point to the child of the node you're trying to remove. The position should then be kept. (If the node was to the left of the grandparent, it's child should still take that place)
			2 children:
				For example, when replacing the root, to the left of it, that value is less than the root and to the right it's greater. You could do two things:
					- Move to the right child, and from that subtree, find the MIN of those nodes; meaning it will keep moving to the left until you reach the lowest int value. That node is then the new root, remove it from where it was, give it the children of the node previously removed.

					- Similarly, move to the left child of the node you're removing, then find the MAX node value, and make that the node you removed.



