Brian Aguirre
CS2150 - Lecture
10/16/2014

#HASING (Countinued)
	## Double Hashing
		LAST CLASS:
			We talked about what to do when things get hashed into the same spot.
			How do we handle this? We talked about linear, quadractic, cubic, etc., also double hashing (began it.)
			Double hashing required to individual functions in order to map the members within the hash table.

			Pros:
				-Things become more evenly spaced, there is a balance to the table and things are not staggered in one spot.

			Cons:
				-There are more calculations depending on the functions.
				-You need to come up with 2 functions that are both efficient and fast.

		//THRASHING:
			When the secundary hash function is a factor of the bases, such that for any given x E N, the values calculated by the second hash
			function H_2 are all within the set of H_1, then it will never leave a certain amount. They will just look and it will keep going.
			Most hash tables say "keeps trying until you find it." - Problem: factors of the base:
				Solution: Make the table size a prime number.

		Why is the size a prime number?
			-To avoid thrashing.
			-When you have really big numbers and divide by prime numbers, it helps the even distribution. (**cryptography)

	##Rehashing:
		We double the table size.**
			**Note: You're not actually DOUBLING it, you're doubling the table size and then increase it to the next prime.
					In lab 6 is you're provided the code to find the next highest prime.

		When the hash table size changes, the location where they get places changes based on the table size. So when the table size changes
		and you have to relocate all of the members within the table onto the new table, you have to go through one by one and figure out their
		new place.
		Cons:
			-Takes a lot of memory and calculations (time) in order for this to happen.
			-Similar to vectors in a way.

		BUT:
			-Absoslutely necessary

		//When to rehash?
			When half full (load factor lambda of 0.5)
			When almost full (load factor lambda of 0.75)


	##DELETE: Removing an element
		//WRITE ALGORITHM HERE:


#MACHINE LANGUAGE:
	##ASSEMBLY LANGUAGE:
		Assembly had certain strings, like add for + and subtract -, etc.
		This is what most people program with, which actually is currently used.
		Using this assembly language, which is kind of a text file, run it through an ASSEMBLER, and the assembler then converts it
		to Machine Language (the 1's and 0's).

		"Context switch" - Computers really only do one thing at a time, and the CPU switches between all these things that it is not
							noticeable. Places certain programs on hold to then switch to other programs. 100's of times per second.
							This process is written in assembly.

		





